[RDY] commentMonitor refactoring (#262)
prometheus/test-infra: README.md

---
> Due to the high cost of each test, only maintainers can manage tests.

**Starting:**
- `/prombench master` - compare PR with the master branch.

> - `/prombench v2.4.0` - compare PR with a release version, make sure it's a docker tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/prombench v2.4.0` - compare PR with a release version from quay.io/prometheus/prometheus:releaseVersion.
```
